When I met, Secretary Yang was indeed smart.
Okay, it turns out you are all in the same group.
We two have no enmity, why should we do it?
That's not all thanks to a few of them,
Otherwise, with the skills of a female Secretary Yang,
We may be able to get money so easily by just counting hands,
Now it seems like there are very few people in Jiangzhou all of a sudden.
I'm afraid you'll deal with it,
That boy with a different surname,
The main show has not finished yet
It’s not just whatever I want to do with this
You want to learn something, so you have to bring it all with you
It’s not like I’m following them
They learn from me
Huaxing Chamber of Commerce is such a great experience
How can a motorcycle boy be remembered as Secretary Yang?
Do you think so, President?
Don't talk nonsense to him
It's good to bury this bitch quickly
Bury this stinky cousin to the president
He has those hopes not to leave
You can't let him lie down
You can't wait to see if we can successfully cooperate on this matter.
What's the chance? You have a lot of health insurance. It's easy to tell. It's easy to tell. Hurry up.